###Chris Hitselberger
#### Project Description
This project was incredibly frustrating and has been a hurdle that i havent been able to get past. It's definitely been the biggest challenge that i've faced in my web mapping efforts and I missed a lot of time and fell behind and now I really feel lost because coding doesn't make much sense to me and i don't even understand the errors that I end up with so I did not get very far for this assignment but I have to move forward. I intended to make a shaded chloropleth map that showed population for each county in north carolina and had interactive hover functions but I could only get as far as getting the county outline geoJson to work on my web page. I tried several datasets and the only file with population data for 2020 also had data from the entire decade and I did not know how to clean the data to get only the 2020 values and i honestly wasn't sure how to code it if I was able to anyway. I tried to join the attributes in QGIS several times with different datasets and even an incredibly simple one that Patrick gave me but still none of them worked and my join fields would return null. I really have no idea what I'm doing and am constantly confused because coding just doesn't make much sense to me and even looking at the class resources doesn't make it much clearer. I know that falling behind has really thrown me off and I'm frustrated because I wish I could understand this better and it makes me feel dumb when I can't figure out how to solve any problems or even put together my own code without failing but I'm just trying to do the best I can so I will submit what I can however far I get and will still give my effort even if its a failing effort. Apparently my assets folder with the geojson is too big to put on github too so it probably wont even work.
